# DFS-and-BFS
Explaining the Unimplemented Search process namely Depth First Search and Breadth First Search
Search is the basic processin data processing.  The search process is to find a specific value (data) in a set of data of the same type (either basic type or form type). For example, to update a specific data, the first step is to look for the existence of that data in the set.  If the searched data is found, it can be changed in value with the new data.  The same initial activity is also carried out in the process of adding new data. The Depth First Search methodis the search process will be performed on all its children before a search is performed to the same nodes.  The search begins and the node is rooted to a higher level, this process is repeated continuously until a solution is found. Searches are performed on a vertex in each level of the far left. If the deepest level is not found a solution, then the search continues on the right node and the left nodecan be deleted and memory. If at the deepest level there is no solution, then the search continues at the previous level.
Breadth-First Search (BFS) is one of the search strategies on a graph consisting of two main processes, namely visiting and checking a vertexfrom the graph and revisiting each neighboring vertex of the current vertex If3051 Algorithm Strategy Paper –Sem. I Year 2012/2013checked now. Tracing on BFS starts from the root /initial conclusion, then checks are performed for each neighboring node that has not been visited, so on until all vertices have been visited or the objective of the search has been reached, e.g. searching for a vertex with certain conditions. This algorithm uses the queue data structure to store temporary nodes that will be visited and visited.
DEPTH-FIRST SEARCHLike the Breadth-First Search algorithm, the Depth-First Search algorithm searches for interconnected components of the graph and defines a stretched tree.  The basic idea of DFS is as follows: this algorithm will gradually explore each side. Tracing starts from the root vertex, as soon as a vertex is found from the root node, the algorithm will begin to explore from there, so on until it is deadlocked, once there is no path, the process will backtrack to return to the vertex above it and process it again down, so on (Unlike BFS which puts vertices in the queue so that it can be visited later). Here's an explanation of the general strategy from Depth-First Search:Select the root vertex from the graph, and mark it "visited". This vertex s becomes the u node currently visited. Then, do a search on the graph to find a side (u,v) of vertex you. If the side (u,v) refers to the vertex vthat has been visited, then backtrack back to vertex you.  However, if side (u,v) refers to an un visited vertex, then mark the vertex as visited and make vertex v the current vertex, and repeat the steps above.  One day this process will find its way If3051 Algorithm Strategy Paper –Sem. I Year 2012/2013buntu, which is a state in which each side of the node usaat refers to the node that has been visited.    To get out of this deadlock situation, the process must run backwards through the side that leads to this usaat node and go to the node that has previously been visited.   The vini vertex is then made into the current u node and performs the process as above for the unprocessed sides. If this algorithm has done the process of rewind or backtrack to the root node s, then a DFS tree has been formed with all vertices already traced from the root node s.
